CENSUS

Q1: I wanted a single column containing the required answer (-1).
Q2-3 ok
Q4: Columns in the wrong order (-1).
Q5: ok
Q6: The second column should be called 'average' (-1).
Q7: Double quotes around a string (-1).
Q8: ok
Q9: use UNION ALL (-1) and same problem as Q6 (-1).

Marks: 14 / 20

ELECTIONS

Q7: Double quotes (-1).
Q8: Double quotes (-1).
The rest looks fine.

Marks: 18 / 20

MODELLING

Everything in your model looks ok. It's not necessary to have a separate table for photos: you could just have a (nullable) column 'photo' on the product table. Either way you should have a separate column 'photo' somewhere to store the contents of the photo.

I'd recommend being consistent with plurals, that is either pluralise everything e.g. 'Customers', 'Owners' or nothing e.g. 'Product', 'Order'. But this is not a mistake.

In your script, usernames should probably be unique. Since every product is in exactly one category I'd also make category headings unique.

In online shops, it's usual to have 'order' as a separate entity with a one:many relationship to customers, and then have a many:many relationship between orders and products. This matches the way a single order (e.g. "shopping basket") can contain many products but has one payment method and delivery address.

It would also make sense for orders to have a 'status' field or at least a 'shipped' field. As you notice in your examples, a seller needs to know which of their orders are still open.

For your first use case, if you're the seller you probably want a list of all orders for your products, not for a specific customer.

You put the < sign back to front in the second query, compared to your text.

Marks: 12.5 / 20

NORMALISATION

Although you mention relevant facts, for the 2NF violation in schema 1 you need to be clearer about the exact problem, namely {stuId} -> {gender} is a FD, gender is non-key and stuId is a partial candidate key.

For the second schema, the argument is that country is non-key but sits on the left side of a FD. You don't need to talk about adding or removing rows, you just need to point out the facts that violate 3NF.

Marks: 16 / 20

